Add initial implementation of siddhi vscode plugin (#1)
siddhi-io/siddhi-plugin-vscode: README.md

# Siddhi Extension for Visual Studio Code

> VSCode Siddhi extension provides rich Siddhi development capabilities in VSCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A VSCode extension which provides rich Siddhi development capabilities. This extension supports Siddhi Version (>=5.2.0) with features such as IntelliSence, diagnostic and syntax highlighting.
```

> # Table of Contents

Reviewer: No need for a table of contents, Let's follow introduction with QuickStart and how to set up the extension. No need to go on detail on how to install the extension, since we assume if they are looking for VSCode extensions, the user should know how to install it

# How to use the extension
## Download Visual Studio Code
Download the [Visual Studio Code editor.](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)

## Installing the plugin
* Installing from VSCode editor's extension marketplace
* Download and install the plugin

### Installing from VSCode editor's extension marketplace
Click **Extensions** on the left-most menu of the editor, search for Siddhi plugin, and click Install.
>**Tip**: Click **Reload** to reload the editor to apply the change.

### Download and install the plugin
1. Download the [Visual Studio Code Siddhi plugin.]()
2. Follow either of the below approaches to install the plugin.
    * Using VSCode editor UI
    * Using Command Line

### Using VSCode editor UI
1. Click View in the top menu of the editor and click Command Palette.
2. In the search bar, type “vsix” and click Extensions: Install from VSIX
3. Browse and select the `.vsix` file of the plugin you downloaded.

### Using Command Line
In a new Command Line tab, execute the below command.

`$ code --install-extension <SIDDHI-PLUGIN-DIRECTORY>`

> ## Configuring Siddhi Home

Reviewer: Have this in the Quick start

 >**Note**: Siddhi distribution **version 5.1.8** or higher should be available locally.
1. Configure Siddhi home in `settings.json`
    * Press `Ctrl+Shift+P`  and type  `Open settings`. 
    * The Open Settings (JSON) command will let you directly edit the `settings.json` file.
    * add `siddhi.home:"<SIDDHI-HOME-DIRECTORY>"` to `settings.json` file as below.
    ![siddhi-home-configuration-image](./resources/images/siddhi-home-configuration.png)
2. Having ``SIDDHI_HOME`` as an environment variable.

> # Building and Debugging the Extesnion

Reviewer: Move to contribute.md

    ```
        {
            "type": "extensionHost",
            "request": "launch",
            "name": "Launch Extension",
            "runtimeExecutable": "${execPath}",
            "args": [
                "--extensionDevelopmentPath=${workspaceFolder}"
            ],
            "env": {
                "LSDEBUG":"true"
            },
            "outFiles": [
                "${workspaceFolder}/out/src/extension.js"
            ]
        }
    ```
    >**Note**: `"LSDEBUG":"true"` configuration is to start the Siddhi Language Server in **debug mode**, which enables remote debugging of language server.
2. Add  `"siddhi.debugLog":true` configuration to `settings.json` file to enable debug log.
3. Clone Siddhi Language Server source code from [https://github.com/siddhi-io/distribution](https://github.com/siddhi-io/distribution).
5. Start Siddhi Language Server as a remote debug process at `port 5005`
4. Refer more on debugging extension host at [https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging)

# Support and contribution

> You can reachout through Slack channel, Google mail group and etc. Please refer the community contribution [site](https://siddhi.io/community/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reach out through Slack channel, Google mail group and etc. Please refer the community contribution [site](https://siddhi.io/community/) for more information.
```

            "name": "Launch Extension",
            "runtimeExecutable": "${execPath}",
            "args": [
                "--extensionDevelopmentPath=${workspaceFolder}"
            ],
            "env": {
                "LSDEBUG":"true"
            },
            "outFiles": [
                "${workspaceFolder}/out/src/extension.js"
            ]
        }
    ```
    >**Note**: `"LSDEBUG":"true"` configuration is to start the Siddhi Language Server in **debug mode**, which enables remote debugging of language server.
2. Add  `"siddhi.debugLog":true` configuration to `settings.json` file to enable debug log.
3. Clone Siddhi Language Server source code from [https://github.com/siddhi-io/distribution](https://github.com/siddhi-io/distribution).
5. Start Siddhi Language Server as a remote debug process at `port 5005`
4. Refer more on debugging extension host at [https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging)

# Support and contribution
You can reachout through Slack channel, Google mail group and etc. Please refer the community contribution [site](https://siddhi.io/community/) for more information.

> 

Reviewer 2: Remove the unnecessary line spaces.
